README.md, before:

## final-project

## search super hero, read information and save your favorite
## To make this webpage I used HTML CSS AND JAVASCRIPT
I didn't used any library
in my assets folder I have all the files other than index.html
I try to organize and easy to access
I used reset-css and code some helper classes
I try to code sementic, good practices usability also and good visuality simple design
I chose this teck stack because I was learning this teck during the CP  
 
## The steps I made
the first action was to understand the question and make sure I fully read all the information and work based the valuable information and reference
then I try to search template and mix with my simple rough paper sketch 
before I start coding I finish all my work on my mind (I planned before coding)

---
## challenges
my challenge is to apply my knowledge of ***javascript*** 90% of my time was to make it interactive or applying JS which I failed untill now.
and other challenge was to understand and how to use API. I make search to read about and it was great response.


## Some links I used as a reference and source 
**https://www.freecodecamp.org/learn/javascript-algorithms-and-data-structures/es6/handle-a-fulfilled-promise-with-then**  
**https://www.digitalocean.com/community/tutorials/how-to-use-the-javascript-fetch-api-to-get-data** 

## my assumptions were:-

Commit message:

Add some text on readme

README.md, after:

## final-project

## search super hero, read information and save your favorite
## To make this webpage I used HTML CSS AND JAVASCRIPT
I didn't used any library
in my assets folder I have all the files other than index.html
I try to organize and easy to access
I used bootstrap
I try to code sementic, good practices usability also and good visuality simple design
I chose this teck stack because I was learning this teck during the CP  
 
## The steps I made
the first action was to understand the question and make sure I fully read all the information and work based the valuable information and reference
then I try to search template and mix with my simple rough paper sketch 
before I start coding I finish all my work on my mind (I planned before coding)

---
## challenges
my challenge is to apply my knowledge of ***javascript*** 90% of my time was to make it interactive or applying JS. finally after a lot of struggle i finish my project
and other challenge was to understand and how to use API. I make search to read about and it was great response.


## Some links I used as a reference and source 
**https://www.freecodecamp.org/learn/javascript-algorithms-and-data-structures/es6/handle-a-fulfilled-promise-with-then**  
**https://www.digitalocean.com/community/tutorials/how-to-use-the-javascript-fetch-api-to-get-data** 

## my assumptions were:-
